Update alert-policies.md (#9291)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/alert-policies.md

|**Unusual increase in email reported as phish**|Generates an alert when there's a significant increase in the number of people in your organization using the Report Message add-in in Outlook to report messages as phishing mail. This policy has a **Medium** severity setting. For more information about this add-in, see [Use the Report Message add-in](https://support.office.com/article/b5caa9f1-cdf3-4443-af8c-ff724ea719d2).|Threat management|No|E5/G5 or Defender for Office 365 P2 add-on subscription|
|**User impersonation phish delivered to inbox/folder**<sup>1,</sup><sup>2</sup>|Generates an alert when Microsoft detects that an admin or user override has allowed the delivery of a user impersonation phishing message to the inbox (or other user-accessible folder) of a mailbox. Examples of overrides include an inbox or mail flow rule that allows messages from a specific sender or domain, or an anti-spam policy that allows messages from specific senders or domains. This policy has a **Medium** severity setting.|Threat management|No|E5/G5 or Defender for Office 365 P2 add-on subscription|

> |**User requested to release a quarantined message**|Generates an alert when a user requests release for a quarantined message. To request the release of quarantined messages, the **Allow recipients to request a message to be released from quarantine** (_PermissionToRequestRelease_) permission is required in the quarantine policy (for example, from the **Limited access** preset permissions group). For more information, see [Allow recipients to request a message to be released from quarantine permission](../security/office-365-security/quarantine-policies.md#allow-recipients-to-request-a-message-to-be-released-from-quarantine-permission). This policy has an **Informational** severity setting.|Threat management|No| Microsoft Busniness Basic, Microsoft BusninesStandard, Microsoft Busnines Premium, E1/F1/G1, E3/F3/G3, or E5/G5|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**User requested to release a quarantined message**|Generates an alert when a user requests release for a quarantined message. To request the release of quarantined messages, the **Allow recipients to request a message to be released from quarantine** (_PermissionToRequestRelease_) permission is required in the quarantine policy (for example, from the **Limited access** preset permissions group). For more information, see [Allow recipients to request a message to be released from quarantine permission](../security/office-365-security/quarantine-policies.md#allow-recipients-to-request-a-message-to-be-released-from-quarantine-permission). This policy has an **Informational** severity setting.|Threat management|No| Microsoft Business Basic, Microsoft Business Standard, Microsoft Business Premium, E1/F1/G1, E3/F3/G3, or E5/G5|
```
